Hit Test Redesign + new Input (#70)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-unreal-engine-samples: sample_project/Content/SampleViewer/Samples/HitTest/readme.md

# Visualize 3DObject ID's

Get the ID for individual buildings in a Level.

![Image of HitTest](HitTest.png)

## How to use the sample (SampleViewer)

1. The SampleViewer Level should open by default, if it is not open, click the **SampleViewer** Level to open it.
2. Click play.
3. Using the UI, enter an APIKey in the input field to the top left. 
4. Open the **Samples** drop down, and click **HitTest** to open the Level.
5. Click a building. The building's ID's will show up on a 3D UI Component.

## How to use the sample (HitTest Level)

1. Open the **HitTest** Level.
2. Click on the **ArcGISMap** Actor and set your API key in the **Details** panel. 
3. Click play.
4. Click a building. The building's ID's will show up on a 3D UI Component.

## How it works

1. Create an ArcGIS Map.
2. Add an **ArcGISPawn** to the Level.
3. Within the HitTest folder, drag the ArcGISRaycast Blueprint into the Level.

> 4. In the UI folder within the HitTest folder, drag the bp_featureId actor into the Level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the UI folder within the HitTest folder, drag the bp_featureId Actor into the Level.
```
Sorry 1 more change, I changed the Actor to capitalized to align with Unreal term

# Visualize 3DObject ID's

Get the ID for individual buildings in a Level.

![Image of HitTest](HitTest.png)

## How to use the sample (SampleViewer)

1. The SampleViewer Level should open by default, if it is not open, click the **SampleViewer** Level to open it.
2. Click play.
3. Using the UI, enter an APIKey in the input field to the top left. 
4. Open the **Samples** drop down, and click **HitTest** to open the Level.
5. Click a building. The building's ID's will show up on a 3D UI Component.

## How to use the sample (HitTest Level)

1. Open the **HitTest** Level.
2. Click on the **ArcGISMap** Actor and set your API key in the **Details** panel. 
3. Click play.
4. Click a building. The building's ID's will show up on a 3D UI Component.

## How it works

1. Create an ArcGIS Map.
2. Add an **ArcGISPawn** to the Level.
3. Within the HitTest folder, drag the ArcGISRaycast Blueprint into the Level.
4. In the UI folder within the HitTest folder, drag the bp_featureId Actor into the Level.

> 5. Add a Speher Static Mesh Actor into the Level and call it 'HitLocation'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add a Sphere Static Mesh Actor into the Level and call it 'HitLocation'.
```

> 6. In the outliner, click on the ArcGISRaycast Actor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the Outliner panel, select the ArcGISRaycast Actor.
```

7. Navigate to the Default sections in the Details Panel. For each variable shown in the image, click on the drop-down and add the respective Actor as its reference.

![Image of Variables](RaycastComponent.png)

> 8. Enter your **APIKey** in the **Map Component**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Select the **ArcGISMap** Actor in the Outliner panel, and enter your **APIKey** in the Authentication section in the Details panel.
```

1. Create an ArcGIS Map.
2. Add an **ArcGISPawn** to the scene.
3. Within the HitTest folder, drag the ArcGISRaycast Blueprint into the scene.
4. In the UI folder within the HitTest folder, drag the bp_featureId actor into the scene.
5. In the outliner, click on the ArcGISRaycast Actor.

> 6. Add a Speher Static Mesh Actor into the scene and call it 'HitLocation'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the Outliner panel, select the ArcGISRaycast Actor.
```

> 7. For each of these variables, click on the drop down and add the respective actor as it's reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Navigate to the Default sections in the Details panel. For each of listed variables, click the drop-down and add the respective Actor as its reference.
```

> 8. Enter your **APIKey** in the **APIMapCreator**.

Reviewer: Did you mean ArcGISMapComponent? Just wanted to make sure.

> 9. Hit play. Once the scene is running hold shift and click a building. The building's ID's will show up in a debug on screen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Hit Play. Once the Level is running, hold Shift and click a building. The building's IDs will show up in a debug on screen. 
```
